[phc] Improve serial communication and add support for dimmer (#6447)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.phc/README.md

 
For all devices running with Linux that use the ch341 driver (HL-340), the new version (ch34x) is needed.
A guide how to install this can be found here: [CH340/341 UART Driver for Raspberry Pi](https://github.com/aperepel/raspberrypi-ch340-driver).  

If you don´t have the same kernel as used in the guide you have to compile the module yourself. In the guide is described a specific way for the Raspberry Pi. With another Linux version you can go the normal way with linux-headers.   

According to the [Wiki of the PHC-Forum](https://wiki.phc-forum.de/index.php/PHC-Protokoll_des_internen_Bus#USB_RS-485_Adapter) the newer version of the FTDI adapter doesn't really work anymore either.

In Linux amongst others the user 'openhab' must be added to the group 'dialout': ```sudo usermod -a -G dialout openhab``` For more information read the [installation guide](https://www.openhab.org/docs/installation/linux.html#recommended-additional-setup-steps).

### Connection

There are two alternatives, the first of which is much simpler.

#### Connection via power supply (simpler, preferred)

> The simplest way would be to connect the RS485 adaptor to the PHC power supply like in the table below and  Out at the power supply to the first module like the STM before.

Reviewer: Double-space between 'and' & 'Out'

|  adaptor | PHC power supply |
|----------|------------------|
| 485+     | +A               |
| 485-     | -B               |

#### Make a direct RJ12 connection

Connect a RJ12 plug with the RS485 adaptor and the power supply as follows.

| RJ12 like in picture below | The cores on the other side |
|----------------------------|-----------------------------|
| 0V                         | 0V on power supply          |
| B-                         | 485- on adaptor             |
| A+                         | 485+ on adaptor             |
| 24+                        | +24V on power supply        | 

![RJ12 Connector](doc/RJ12-Connector.png)

## Bridge

> The Bridge manages the communication between the things and the modules via a serial port (RS485). It represents the STM.

Reviewer: Consider putting every sentence on a new line that is best practice for git-tracked mark-down files AFAIK.

|                          | FTDI          | doesn´t work |
|                          | on board      | bad          |
| Up Board/ubilinux(Jessie)| HL-340        | not reliable |
|                          | FTDI          | good         |

> If there are many modules on one bridge, the initialization can take a few minutes. If it not work you can plug in the modules one after the other.

Reviewer: Consider changing this to
```suggestion
If there are many modules on one bridge, the initialization can take a few minutes. If it does not work you can plug in the modules one after the other.
```

> After initialization sometimes you have to switch two times or the reaction is a bit slowly but after you used a channel it works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes after initialization, you might have to switch two times or the reaction could be a bit slow, but after you used a channel it should all work fine.
```
